Previously on
Wizards of Waverly Place:
Oh, big deal, I stole something
that grows from the ground.
Maybe you should find out
what's going on.
And how am I
gonna do that?
Maybe you should talk
to some Guardian Angels.
I'm Tina, a Guardian Angel
in training.
Oh, my gosh.
That's Rosie.
Wait, wait.
How do you know her?
- Rosie's an Angel
of Darkness now.
- What?!
Is that the mighty instrument
used to influence good or bad
throughout all worlds
in the universe,
also known as
the Moral Compass?
Yes. Why are you asking?
Because I'm gonna steal it.
♪ Everything is not
what it seems ♪
♪ Well, you know everything's
gonna be a breeze ♪
♪ That the end will no doubt
justify the means ♪
♪ You can fix any problem
with the slightest of ease ♪
♪ Yes, please ♪
♪ But you might find out
it'll go to your head ♪
♪ When you write a report
on a book you never read ♪
♪ With the snap of your fingers
you can make your bed ♪
♪ That's what I said ♪
♪ Everything is not
what it seems ♪
♪ When you can get all you
wanted in your wildest dreams ♪
♪ You might run into trouble
if you go to extremes ♪
♪ Because everything
is not what it seems ♪
♪ Be careful not to mess
with the balance of things ♪
♪ Because everything is not ♪
♪ What it seems ♪♪
Enjoy your wings,
fallen wizard,
as we cast our shadow
on Earth.
Wow.
Hey, think I can get one of
those glowy-hand thingys?
I said no more.
I'm sorry, but the sandwich
was a little dry.
Oh, no, I'm sorry, sir, that
you didn't enjoy your sandwich.
So, you think you can make
a better one, you jerk?!
Yeah. Anybody can put
cardboard between bread!
Hey, wait.
Let me lube it up for ya.
Yeah!
Oh, that's hilarious.
That is not hilarious.
That's mean.
Alex, stay focused.
We need to find your brother
before Rosie gets him
to steal the Moral Compass.
I don't care about
my brother anymore.
Hey, why don't we plop down
with a bag of something fried
and watch people on the Internet
pretend they can sing.
Oh, no!
You're acting bad, and
your parents are acting bad.
This can only mean one thing.
Justin already got
the Moral Compass to
the Angels of Darkness
and they've changed it
from good to bad.
I'm not turning bad,
you little twerp.
Alex, listen to me.
You're being influenced
by dark forces.
You have to fight it,
so we can save
your brother Justin
from the Dark Realm.
You know what,
I am tired of you
yakking in my ear
all day long,
with your perky
little voice, OK?
There is no point in
trying to help Justin,
or anybody in this
dark world now, so just go.
- Alex, no.
- Go.
Just do that annoying flapping
thing with your mouth and go.
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
Come on, Maxine.
Everyone else did it.
Pretend it's Zac Efron
and kiss the pillow!
No, wait.
I've got a better idea.
- Punch Zac Efron!
- Yeah!
Punch! Punch! Punch!
This slumber party is lame.
I don't want to hang out
with these squealing girls.
I want to hang out
with guys my age.
News flash: This slumber party
was really for me.
So, why don't you go
hang out in the kitchen
with the rest of the dips.
Punch! Punch! Punch!
That's it.
Stop these cries, turn
these girls into older guys.
Hey, they're supposed
to be ninth graders,
not one-hundredth graders.
So, my bad brother,
what's on the agenda? Hmm?
Steal? Lie?
Spit off the roof?
A little dry.
Why don't you go first.
Your wizard is...
interesting.
Yes, very interesting.
And cute.
I meant interesting
as in "strange."
Nonetheless,
you've done well.
You shall be rewarded.
You can be the one who decides
how he will be destroyed.
Destroyed?
What do you mean?
That was never
part of the plan.
Of course it was.
He's an outsider.
But he brought you
the Compass as you asked.
Just let him go.
Let him go?
Is that sympathy?
You're not becoming weak,
are you?
Like the Guardian Angel
you once were?
No.
You are
an Angel of Darkness.
Do not betray me!
My Rosie.
I haven't even thanked you
for showing me
the evil of my good ways.
Does that make sense?
I think it does.
Justin, we have to
get out of here now.
- Please.
- Why?
Because...
I care about you.
But we can just stay here
forever, just like you said.
Justin, we have to leave now
because Gorog is
going to destroy you.
Gorog won't destroy me.
He needs me.
No, he's used you
and now he's done.
- Please, let's go.
- No.
I'm never going back.
I'm no longer a wizard.
I'm an Angel of Darkness.
Thanks to you, I now know
where I belong.
What have I done?
Shh, shh!
Alex, I need your help.
Whatever it is,
I don't have time.
I have a slumber party
to go to.
This bag of angry badgers
and six obnoxious little girls
are about to have
a screaming contest.
Alex, your brother is
being held by Gorog.
Shh!
Gorog?
That sounds like a boost
you put in your smoothie.
"Excuse me, I'll have
the Strawberry Dazzle
with a vitamin C
and a shot of Gorog."
- I'm funny.
- No.
Alex, Gorog is the leader
of all the Angels of Darkness.
He's going to
destroy your brother.
Then why did you
bring Justin to him?
I didn't know this
was gonna happen.
I was tricked, too, Alex.
Oh, you'll have to do
so much better than that
if you want to
outlie a liar.
No, Alex, I'm telling
the truth. I promise. Please.
This was all Gorog's plan,
and I followed it,
but I never expected to
fall in love with Justin.
Hold on. Are...
Are you crying?
I thought you were
an Angel of Darkness.
You're starting
to sound good.
Well, I guess that's what
falling in love does to you.
Alex, please.
There isn't much time, OK?
Do the right thing
for your brother.
I know there's still
some good left in you.
No, there isn't. Wait.
There it is.
A little piece of good.
Darn it!
Here, hold this.
Oh, no. Alex!
Hey! Guardian Angels!
Come on!
I need your help. You have
to help me save my brother!
Come on! Break time's over.
What's going on?
Calling all angels.
We've got some
Dark Realm butt to kick.
You're too late.
The Moral Compass
has been set to bad,
so Guardian Angels
are powerless.
I can't even scratch my own
wings. Can you get it, dear?
Where's Tina?
She went to the Dark Realm
to get the Moral Compass
and help your brother.
She went by herself?
She's not gonna
stand a chance.
Then, I guess it's on me.
Tina's got some
back-up coming.
Oh, wait, wait!
Wizard powers are weak
in the Dark Realm.
If you have any chance
of saving your brother,
you'll need wings.
We keep an extra pair
in case of an emergency.
Oh, my gosh! Awesome!
What do these do?
Do they shoot like,
lasers and stuff?
No, they're just wings.
You'll need them to
get to the Dark Realm.
Oh. OK.
You know what's good for
emergencies? Lasers.
You know what's not?
Feathers.
Well, I'll still
look cute anyway.
So, Gorog.
Now that I've
broken my wand,
that's proof that I'm
totally committed to you.
Is there an Angel
of Darkness handbook?
Because I'm not quite sure
if my shirt should be tucked,
or untucked. I mean,
untucked does seem badder,
but I can see
that you're tucked.
What's going on?
Oh, you'll soon see.
You brought me
the Moral Compass,
so I'm done with you.
No, no, no, Gorog!
Wait, please! Listen to me!
No need to be afraid of
heights, if you're an angel.
Of course, if you're
an angel with no wings,
then you have a problem.
No, no, no!
Not my wings!
How can you do this?
I brought you everything
you wanted.
Stop!
Leave Justin alone and give us
back the Moral Compass.
It's ours.
OK. You can laugh now,
because I'm about to
make all y'all cry.
Gorog, let me dispose
of this pest and prove
my loyalty to you.
And if you let me live,
I swear I'll always guard
the Moral Compass.
Hmm.
Yes. I can see the
possible value in that.
An Angel of Darkness
committed to keeping
the Moral Compass
in the Dark Realm.
Proceed.
Wait! No, Justin,
I'm here to save you.
Maybe you should be
saving yourself.
Let her go!
Brakes.
Where are the brakes
on these things?!
To your right!
I know it doesn't look like it,
but I'm here to help you.
No.
Let him prove himself.
Justin, you're not
an Angel of Darkness.
You're a wizard,
a good wizard.
You know in your heart
you don't belong here.
And neither does
that Moral Compass.
I'm not leaving.
Well, then I'm gonna
take this back with me.
No! Give it!
Turn the arrow, Alex!
Turn the arrow!
Yes!
OK, Grandpa.
It's your turn
to kiss Zac Efron.
Jerry, what's
going on in here?!
Hey, everybody, stop!
Right now!
Give us those pillows!
- Justin, you're breaking it!
- No, I'm not. You are.
- No, look, you're
cracking it.
- What?
Stop her!
Don't you mess
with the wizard!
Give that back to me.
What? My wand!
Rosie?!
No more!
I'm sorry I did this
for you!
Angels of Darkness
never feel sorry.
She does now!
Oh, dear. What a mess.
Oh, Mom.
I'm really sorry.
I promise I'll pay for a new
pillow with my allowance.
What happened to
the little girls from
the slumber party?
I got mad and turned them
into old guys. Sorry.
That's all right.
I'm sure it was an accident.
Just turn them back
into little girls
and I'm sure everything
will be all right.
Or, we could turn them
into something else.
Like fruit.
Perfect.
I'll make them into one of
my signature fruit hats.
The fruit flies
ate my last one.
Turn them into talking fruit.
I want to hear them
beg me not to eat them.
Fruity pa-tootie.
I want to go home!
This party stinks.
Let it go!
Hold on, Alex! I'll take
Justin down with the halo.
He threw it.
Give it to me! Stop it!
I'm serious, give me
the Compass, Alex!
Give it here!
Justin!
No!
I've got it.
No, I've got it.
Now, give me
that Moral Compass
or you'll never
see her again.
Not if I turn it to good.
My allegiance
lies with Gorog.
The Dark Realm prevails!
Justin, don't!
Justin, I'm so, so sorry
for everything that's happened.
I pretended to
fall in love with you
to carry out Gorog's plan,
but along the way,
you touched my heart
and you made that love real.
You love me?
Justin, give it to me.
Take this to the Guardian
Angels. I'll be fine.
OK.
No!
Rosie...
You have betrayed me,
and forsaken the Dark Realm.
Get out!
I'm gonna go to,
if that's OK with you.
I'm sorry. It's hard
to have a soft landing
with a broken wand.
Look, Justin.
I totally deceived you
and I don't even deserve
to be here with you right now,
but if you can forgive me,
I'd love for us
to start all over.
Of course I forgive you.
Oh, I'm so glad.
But we can't be together.
What? Why?
Rosie, everything
we've been through
has made me
realize something.
The world is a fragile place.
It's always teetering
between good and bad.
Look how easy it was for me
to forget what's right.
Of course I want
to be with you.
But the world needs another
Guardian Angel more.
You are such a good person.
But Justin, I don't think
I have what it takes
to be a Guardian Angel again.
Hey, you saved me.
When the whole world turned bad,
you stayed good.
Because of you.
Rosie, I will miss you.
I'll miss you, too.
Hey, do me a favor.
Every once in awhile,
do something a little bad
so I have a reason
to come visit.
OK.
Bye.
Oops.
Sorry. It felt like
the right time to sing that.
Alex and Tina,
you went where
no Guardian Angel
dared to go,
and returned the Compass
to its rightful place,
saving the world from an
indefinite age of darkness.
For this incredible
bravery, Alex,
you can keep the wings
we gave you.
Oh. Um, good,
because I don't think you're
gonna want these back.
Now, Tina,
for your part,
I hereby promote you to
official Guardian Angel.
And there's someone here who
wants to congratulate you.
Rosie, you're back!
My wings!
Congratulations, Tina!
They smell
brand new!
Can my first assignment be
to watch over Alex Russo?
No, no. I will be good.
I promise, OK?
This is the first time I've
ever said that and meant it.
Don't follow.
Excuse me.
Guardian Angel Dispatch.
She's done something bad
already?!
All right, Tina.
You're up.
Yes!
Excuse me! Pardon me,
excuse me!
Justin.
What are you doing
still up? It's late.
I stayed up because
I owe you something.
I found it in
Washington Square Park.
A two-headed dog had it.
I'm pretty sure he didn't
start out that way.
Thank you.
What about your wand?
I, uh...
I'll find a spell
to fix it.
And I owe you
something else.
Thank you for saving me.
It's for all the times
that you saved me
when I wasn't so good.
And for a couple more times
in the future, so we're even.
No, we're not.
You saved the world today.
You gave up a girl
to protect it.
Why do we have to keep
dealing with stuff like this?
We're wizards.
I don't think
we have a choice.